{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9720\viewh14780\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1700\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 key:	\
	wrt. means "with respect to".\
	Jac. means "Jacobian"\
\
Data objects for SLAM\
---------------------\
\
R	Robot\
	id	identifier\
	name	robot name\
	type	type\
	sensors	installed sensors list\
	frame	frame\
	vel	velocities\
	x,P	state\
	size	size of state\
	r	state range in Map\
	\
S	Sensor\
	id	identifier\
	name	sensor name\
	type	type of sensor\
	robot	robot id where it is installed\
	frame 	frame\
	imSize	image size\
	k 	intrinsic\
	d 	distortion\
	c 	correction\
	x,P	state\
	size	size of state\
	r	state range in Map\
	\
L	Landmark\
	id	identifier\
	type	type of landmark - point, idp, plucker, etc.\
	x,P	geometric params in map\
	size	size of params in map\
	r	range in Map\
	params	other parameters\
	sig	signature - appearance\
	nsearch	number of times searched \
	nmatch	number of times matched\
	ninlier	number of times validated as inlier\
\
O	Observation\
	rid	robot id\
	sid	sensor id\
	lid	landmark id\
	e,E	expectation\
	n,N	predicted non-measurable\
	y,R	measurement\
	z,Z,iZ	innovation\
	MD	Mahalanobis distance\
	pApp	predicted appearance\
	cApp	current appearance\
	sc	appearance match score\
	H_r	Jac. wrt. robot state\
	H_s	Jac. wrt. sensor state\
	H_l	Jac. wrt. landmark state\
	G_r	Jac. of inverse wrt. robot state\
	G_s	Jac. of inverse wrt. sensor state\
	G_o	Jac. of inverse wrt. observation\
	G_n	Jac. of inverse wrt. non-observed DOFs\
	vis	lmk is visible?\
	\
M	Map\
	id	identifier\
	type	type of map\
	\{R\}	Robot id list\
	\{S\}	Sensor id list\
	\{L\}	Landmark id list\
	X	mean\
	P	covariances matrix\
	N	maximum size in number of states\
	n	current size\
	used	used states\
\
U	Control or proprioceptive sensing\
	u,U	control\
\
N	Non measurable DOFs\
	n,N	non-measurable prior\
\
Functions for SLAM\
------------------\
\
\{ key:\
f()	Function name\
	out	in	general expression\
\}\
\
f()	Motion\
	R	R, U	[R, F_r, F_u] = f(R,U)\
\
g()	Inverse Observation\
	L	R, S, O, N	[L, G_r, G_s, G_o, G_n] = g(R, S, O, N)\
\
h()	Observation\
	O	R, S, L	[O, H_r, H_s, H_l] = h(R, S, L)\
\
j()	Reparametrization\
	L	L	[L, J_l] = j(L)\
\
\
\
}